Bump version to v1.28 (#3184)
microsoft/qsharp: source/vscode/changelog.md

### Resource Estimation v3

The Quantum Resource Estimation feature has been significantly re-written to be far more capable in modelling and estimating quantum resource requirements across languages, frameworks, architectures, and modalities.

The new implementation is being done in phases, and this initial release includes the Python APIs. The old QRE Python APIs and the VS Code `Estimate` CodeLens experience are now marked as deprecated.

For more details on the new APIs and examples of their usage, see the [QREv3 wiki](https://aka.ms/qdk.QREv3).

### Improved simulator capabilities

In this release we have exposed the Python API to directly run QIR on the underlying simulators (CPU state vector, Clifford, and density matrix simulators, and the GPU state vector simulator). The simulators have also been updated to be able to handle programs generated for the `QIR Adaptive Profile`, which means the quantum programs the simulators runs may contain mid-circuit measurement, conditional branching, loops, etc.

See the [QDK Simulators](https://github.com/microsoft/qdk/wiki/QDK-Python-Simulators) wiki page for more details.

### VS Code extension hosting

> The [VS Code extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/advanced-topics/extension-host) has been updated from being purely a [web extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/web-extensions) to being run in the local Node.js host when running on a desktop VS Code instance. This fixes issues that could be encountered when running in a `remote` configuration, such as when using WSL. This also lays the groundwork for future work on more `agentic` flows that require interacting with other local Node.js or Python processes (such as MCP Agents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [VS Code extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/advanced-topics/extension-host) has been updated from being purely a [web extension](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/web-extensions) to being run in the workspace Node.js host when running on a desktop VS Code instance. This fixes issues that could be encountered when running in a `remote` configuration, such as when using WSL. This also lays the groundwork for future work on more _agentic_ flows that require interacting with other local Node.js or Python processes, such as MCP servers.
```
